I got home and found out wife’s AP had slipped away in front of me, I was so angry & started my big plan.


I just turned 48 years old this past January, normally the wife of 22 years that I use to know is fond of throwing celebration parties for me on such occasions, but my marriage started coming apart ever since she joined a coed baseball group, with mostly men. That happened almost a year ago, and that started a cascade of event that caused my marriage to fall apart. My wife is 42 and I was thinking that she was having some kind of midlife crisis, but over the years, she has gained a lot of weight, now, especially because of the covid lockdown, during the lockdown she was working 100% from home. She was doing some home exercising and dieting hard but the results were not showing, the lockdown took a tow on our relationship because she was constantly upset and depressed. All our kids are out of the house, so it was just both of us most of the time. I never complained, I tried to encourage her the best I could, I knew that was part of aging and I myself has never been in great shape, if am being honest.
She is the pretty one, she is the type that enjoyed getting compliments, enjoys dressing to the nines and going out in public. She works in marketing, so her image and first impression is everything to her. Back then, when covid restrictions was easing up, she decided that she needs to join some sort of active group activities. I remember debating about what group she should join; we registered on an app called ‘Meetup’ where you can join group activities in your area. We went through a lot of options but the most convenient was a baseball group meeting that meets up three times a week, most of the group members were men. I wanted to join but my work schedule didn’t allow me. My wife work in marketing and she work from home because the company she works for now figured that it is cost effective to keep their worker working from home.
I am a plumber by trade, and I work late and long hours, my wife thinks that I am a workaholic, and, in all honesty, I enjoy working because of the feeling I get from finishing a task. I work for a friend of mine. I used to run my own business, but it was hectic for me because of everything that goes into running a business. I just wanted to work and go home, someone else can take care of the extra stuff. So, after my wife join the coed baseball game, I remember her first game, she was so exhausted, her entire body was sore. I had to massage her feet and thighs when I got home, she said she really enjoyed it. And then after a couple of weeks she couldn’t stop talking about this guy name Craig, she said he was the best player in the team but that he was very controlling and she hated him, she said he flirted with all the women. She claimed he was obnoxious and a cheater who talk bad about his ex-wife to everybody even though nobody has seen her before. He broke up his marriages and was disgusting, and he was a muscle car meathead.
After a couple of more games, she complained that he blows a lot and would invite some of the group members to blow with him after the game.Miind you, this are a bunch of 40+ men and women acting like teenagers. After about a month, of my wife attending the games, she was getting back in shape but was still complaining about this guy, this time she was complaining that he was not only smoking he was dealing too. He gets people hooked on the samples and then they become his customers, so his job is distributing (selling green) and working on cars as a mechanic. She said long ago he was in The minor league and was on the path to going pro before he had an accident, while drag racing. Always had substance misuse problems and living the fast life. I ask my wife how she know all these personal things about him, and she said that he wouldn’t stop talking and bragging about everything. She said everyone likes him despite all that, because he is also funny, outgoing, offers to work on their cars for free and give out free MJ. But she claims that she doesn’t find him funny.
I remember when she came home one night smelling like MJ, I asked why she was smelling like that and she told me that after the game, she was hanging out with some of the teammates and they were blowing, so that was how it got on her, made a lot of sense right? No reason to doubt her. This started happening every time she came back from the game, she was playing three times a week, she came back home smelling like MJ, one time after the game, she took a shower and I joined her in the shower, we started having closeness and I kiss her, and there was no mistaking that she was smoking. I tasted it in her mouth. I asked her then and there if she was smoking, and she said that she tried it once because they were passing it around, she felt like it would be awkward if she didn’t smoke. I lost it, the mode immediately changed because we have 3 kids together, a 23-year-old male, 21-year-old female and 18-year-old male. I called her out on being a hypocrite because she told them never to smoke, and never to be persuaded by peer pressured to do so, and here she was, she would yell at them if they did what she did.
I asked her what she would do if our kids acted like her, if they succumbed to pair pressure like she did, her respond was that I should relax, that it was a onetime thing, and that she didn’t even inhale it. I wasn’t going to argue or preach to her about blowing, because she was the type that would preach to others or discipline my kids if they do such a thing. I am the quiet type, I don’t like confrontation and I am not the disciplinarian, so I was surprised that she was completely out of character from her normal self. Something change in her that day, the smoking itself didn’t bother me, what bothered me was her hypocrisy and who she got it from, and how someone that would raise hell if me and my kids pull something like that would be nonchalant is disturbing. She spent almost a month complaining about this guy, talking about how awful he is, then she went ahead and sample his product.
The following games I noticed that she continued to blow , although she was tried to conceal it by jumping into the shower, washing her sportwear and brushing her teeth, it was still obvious because the odor lingers. I didn’t bother confronting her about it again because I knew she would lie or come up with some silly excuse, so I didn’t want to bring it up. I was actually glad because I had something to hold over her head in case, she tries any of her usual self-righteous nonsense. Thanksgiving was coming up, my three kids came by to visit us, my wife was nowhere to be found, she normally prepare the thanksgiving meal and make a huge party, inviting friends and family, cooking more than she knows everybody would consume, but this time, she was out all day, when she came back I ask her where she’s been and she said that she went visiting friends. When I pressed her on it, she claimed that she was having car troubles, so she took her car to Craig to work on it. I ask her why she didn’t tell us about it because it was thanksgiving, she acted Like that answer was supposed to satisfy me. I asked her what was wrong with her, she knows that we have thanksgiving coming up, she was supposed to hang out with family not fix her car. I told her that most people are with their family.
She claims that she already told my daughter that she would be late, and she should prepare the thanksgiving meal. Even my kids noticed the change, they thought that we were having problems with our marriage, and that we were fighting a lot, that was why their mom was making all this excuses and not preparing for thanksgiving like she normally would. Thanksgiving Day came, my daughter couldn’t do everything by herself, my wife claimed that she was sick and went to bed after coming back from the so-called mechanic trip to fix her car. For the very first time in a long time, I had to take my wife and kids to a restaurant on thanksgiving. My wife was in bed, I had to force her to come to the restaurant with us, she wanted me to tell the kids that she was sick. I told her to come and tell them herself, I didn’t want to tell my kids that there mom has been making new friends, and blowing a lot, and have been slacking, I didn’t have time to monitor her every move because I was always at work. The idea that she may be having an affair didn’t come across my mind, by then.
My daughter came into the room to ask her why she was not acting herself, when she noticed that the kids were asking questions about her behavior, she came to her senses, and realizing that she was acting unusual. She finally got up and started pretending like she was ok. When we were in the restaurant my kids notice that she wasn’t acting herself, she was making awkward jokes and acting disconnected like she didn’t want to be there but was forced to. After the restaurant, my daughter came to speak to me while I was in the basement watching TV, she asks jokingly what I have done to her mom, that she was acting like she was not herself. She notices my wife has lost a lot of weight and was asking if her behavior was related to her extreme weight loss. I wasn’t going to sugar coat it or hide the truth from my daughter. I told her that her mom join a baseball team and she made some strange new friends and she started blowing with them.
I told her that this has been going on for the past 4 months since she joined. My daughter thought it was a joke because my wife was not the type and was acting completely out of character. After thanksgiving my kids left and I spoke with my wife that things have to change, and she can’t go on acting like a college girl. At this point it still hasn’t crossed my mind that she was having an affair. I should have known, it was so obvious. I trusted her so much that I couldn’t imagine she would do such a thing to me. `Well, the trouble started when I notice that our shared back account that we use to pay off reoccurring bills, like grocery shopping, light bill, water, etc., was overdrawn. I received a notification from my phone, someone withdrew $1200 from the account. I called my wife and she didn’t pick up her phone, took me about 3 or 4 hours to finish my assignment, and I cancelled my next assignment for the day, and decided that I should go home for the day and check on my wife because something strange is going on.
When I came home, I noticed a 1964 Pontiac GTO parked on the street that I haven’t seen before. I like classic cars so that was why it caught my eyes, so I remember things like that, and I am big on classic cars.  
I packed my car in the drive way, behind my wife’s car, got to my house and I open the front door to get into the house. I immediately noticed that someone rushed out of the door leading to the backyard. I thought it was my wife because her car was in the driveway and she was always home since her job no longer requires her to work in the office after the covid restriction was lifted. As I was saying, as I was opening the door, the backyard door was slamming shot. As I thought it was my wife because I didn’t see the person, thinking that I couldn’t wait to confront her about the withdraw. I was in a hurry to ask her about the money that was withdrawn from our account and to ask her why she wasn’t answering her phone, I went toward the backyard door, opened the door, and I heard the backyard fence opened. I immediately knew that something was not right because for the person to have reach the backyard fence so fast they must be running, hence it wasn’t my wife, and the only conclusion I can draw from that is that it was a burglar or someone running from me.
The person who ever it was, must be running because I calculated how long it would take the person to be at the fence, would require them to run fast. The fence is not visible when you open the backyard entrance door, because it is parallel, and sections of the building blocks visibility so you have to enter the backyard to see who enters or exit the backyard fence door. By the time I reach the backyard and open the backyard gate, whoever it was, was now gone. I inspected the surroundings and notice the smell of MJ all around, it was clear that someone must have been smoking out here. Then all of sudden I heard my wife calling me in the house, so I hurried back, when I saw her, she looked like she just got out of the shower. I asked her who it was that was smoking in the backyard and she said no one, that she smoked in the backyard earlier because she knew how much I hated the smell. I told her that she was obviously lying, bad enough that she has been acting strange for the last 5 months and now she is inviting people in my house. I told her that she has crossed the line.
I asked her point blank if she was having an affair, and if it was with the guy that was rushing off my property. And she flat-out denied it, she acted like I was speaking another language. I then ask her why she wasn’t picking up my phone calls, and why there was a $1200 withdraw from our joint account, that account was for paying our bills. She said she borrowed it to a friend of hers that needed some money, and they are going to pay it back as soon as possible. I was dumbfounded at this point. I couldn’t believe what I was hearing, those words are not from my wife, it sounded like it was from either a gambler or MJ Obsessed. The information was too weird to process. I ask her if her friend think that she is a bank, I asked her why she didn’t ask for my permission before withdrawing such an amount, and she got all testy with me. I warned her if she gave the money to her buddies that there would be heck to pay. I told her that I want the money back in the account by tomorrow. That evening I took some time to monitor all our bank statement and I noticed that she wasn’t contributing her fair share of money to the account. The majority of my wife’s income is commission based, the more hours she put in, the more money she makes. I notice that she was only contributing 1/3 of the amount she was supposed to be contributing, which was why the account was lighter than usually and I was able to get a notification for large withdraw.
I confronted her not contributing her fare share, come to find out that she is putting in only the bear minimum hours required to hold her jo., I ask her what she has been doing with her time, if she hasn’t been working. She started making excuses that she is constantly tired because she has been working out and playing sports to losing weight, and that the kids are out of the house and we don’t need all that money anyways, etc., etc. I told her that if she decides to cut her hours that she should stop lending my money to her buddies. I told her that she has been hanging out with her MJ buddies too much. And I want her to stop playing that sport. I gave her an ultimatum that its either our marriage or her sports, and she lost it. She called me all kinds of names, she said that I was insecure, that I am not man enough etc. I told her that if she continues to play, then we can call off the 22 years marriage. She got mad at me that I could even consider ending the marriage over something so little, she told me that I need to speak to someone because I am being emotion and acting immature. I told her that she is not the same person that I got married to, that she have changed overnight, since she started playing this baseball game and hanging out with her new friends, she is home all day but she doesn’t clean and cook like she use to, she is barely working and she is blowing like a college dropout. She claim that I was jealous of her because she is losing weight and improving her live, and I want to keep her down, and that she may consider my offer, and she angrily left the room.
We both fought throughout that night, and I slept on the couch, the next day she refuses to speak to me and to cook for me, she was hoping that I would apologize to her and tell her that she can continue her bad behavior and total ignore the money she withdrew from my account with no reasonable explanation. We didn’t speak throughout that day, the following day was one of the days she goes to play her baseball game, she tried to get my attention to see if I was going to move forward with a divorce if she goes to play her game, before I went to work, she walked by me and randomly yell that she is going to do whatever she wants, and I can’t stop her happiness. I didn’t say anything. I just dressed up for work and walked out the door. That afternoon I called a divorce lawyer to draft a separation agreement, my hope was to shock my wif. I felt like she needed to be brought back to reality that she would lose her family because of her behavior. Whether you can call it midlife crises, or menopause, I was hoping that by serving her a divorce paper it will knock her out of it.
The lawyer was able to draft a legal separation paper and I picked it up after work. When I went home my wife was not home, I don’t know where she went, when she came back home, I notice that she wasn’t dressed like she went to play baseball. I wanted to server her anyway just to show her that I wasn’t kidding, my plan is for her to know how far she has drifting. Although, I was crossing my finger and hoping that she doesn’t sign it, because I still love my wife and don’t want to lose her, despite what she has put me through, my goal was for her to come to the realization that she will be a divorce woman and have nobody to support her. When she came through the entrance door, I was in the living room, and she walked pass me, still giving me the silent treatment. She went to the kitchen to make some food for herself, I got off the couch to get the divorce paper. She was in the kitchen when I handed her the divorce papers for her to sign. I can still picture the look of shock on her face, mouth and eyes wild open. I didn’t expect what she did next, she pushed me and threw the divorce paper on my face, saying that she can’t believe that I would move forward with this. She left the kitchen screaming and crying saying that she can’t believe that I would do this to her, and that she didn’t even went to the baseball game and I still followed through with the divorce, she ran upstairs to the masters bedroom to cry. I am standing there in the kitchen with the divorce paper scattered across the kitchen floor, smiling because everything went as planned. I picked up the papers, and put them back in the folder, at that point I was thinking maybe that must have done the trick, that must have given her the shock she needed.
I received a call a few hours later that night, it was from my daughter asking me why I was divorcing her mom over a baseball game, apparently she called my daughter to complain to her about me, at this point I knew that I have already won. Knowing her, I knew she was too embarrassed to beg, so she was trying to use my daughter to intercede for her, I told my daughter that she visited us during thanks giving and she saw the condition her mother was in and how she was acting. I told my daughter that her mom is smoking and hanging out with scrupulous characters. I didn’t tell her daughter that I suspect my wife is having an affair, but strangely enough my daughter made a statement that it wasn’t like she was having an affair and I need to work with her through this difficult time. We spent over an hour on the phone. the following day before I went to work, my wife made me breakfast and lunch for the first time in about 6 months. She apologizes for everything she had put me through and that she was going to start behaving right. She said that she has been thinking through things and have realize that she is wrong. I told her that I will give her a month, to get her act together and if she continues to blow and hang out with the group of friends, then I would have no choice but to follow through with the divorce. I also reminded her that I need that money to be repaid back into my account and she agreed. We made peace and I left for work.

Update.
The following day when I came home, we talked again, she opened up to me that she has been going through a lot of stress with how Covid has affected her job, and me working so much, and that she has been searching for an escape, at first the baseball game was helping her, then she got tempted with the MJ and started using. She said she found it relaxing, and it helps her nerves and anxiety. For the first time she revealed to me that she has been going through depression and has been taking medication for it, but ever since she started blowing she slowly tapered her need for her depression medications. I ask her about the person that was in my backyard that ran away, and she claim that there it was nobody. I knew she was lying. Concerning the money withdrawer, She told me not to be offended that it would take her a while to replace that money, because she used it to buy MJ. I was really upset by this but I didn’t want to show it because my wife appears to be showing remorse, like she is having a come to Jesus moment, and I didn’t want to spoil the moment, so I let it slide, I thought maybe after this I can finally have my wife back.
The next couple of days were fine, it was like we were back to normal. I came to terms that her smoking may not go away because she claims that it helps her anxiety and depression. I told her that I wasn’t too concerned that she smokes, my concerns are with the people she buys it from. People that sale things like this are normally scrupulous characters. My state doesn’t allow MJ so she continued to smoke, but was doing it in secrecy and tried to hide it from me as much as possible. I didn’t want to have a fight over it, so I just let it slide, the fact that I didn’t say anything made her feel like she was good at hiding it. She started picking up hours on her job and was soon contributing a little more to our shared account although not as before. I pay the mortgage, which the biggest bill, and we contribute to our shared account to help on expenses, so at the end of the day I am paying 70-80% of the bill.
One evening we were watching tv together and her cell phone ringed, and she picked it up and walked into another room. I could hear her giggling from another room, few minutes later, she joined me back on the couch and I asked her who it was, and she got defensive and said that it was just a friend. I thought her reaction was strange, which was a red flag, another time I came home early and open my refrigerator to grab some beer, and my beer was missing. Only me and my wife live at home because my kids are out of the house, my wife doesn’t drink beer, so the beer that I left in the refrigerator the other day is gone. I wondered who it was that took it, I thought maybe my wife cleared some space in the refrigerator but it didn’t seem like it. So, I thought maybe my wife invited somebody home, and she is not being entirely honest with me.
Christmas came and went; my kids notice that their mom acted better than she did during thanksgiving, but I had a feeling that she was just pretending. Then in January she slowly started sliding back to her old ways, she started smoking too much, sleeping all day, and working less. My birthday came up, she didn’t throw me a surprise birthday party, buy me present or wanted to go out to dinner with me to celebrate my birthday, my kids called me to wish me a happy birthday. I reminded my wife that she forgot that it was my birthday, and she was surprised that she didn’t remember. I told her that she is blowing to much and it is frying her brain. She told me that she marked it on her calendar but forgot about it, and she apologized to me. I first saw the ring bell on of my client house, when I came to visit and we communicated through the Ring. I didn’t know about the ring bell before, I thought it was great that you could see who was in your front door in real time, and its connected to your phone, in the back of my mind I thought I could use it to monitor my wife, what she does all day and who she’s been inviting to my house. So, I bought the ring bell and installed it in my house. The first day I installed it my wife didn’t care what it was, she know I have always been a fancy gadget guy and she just thought it was one of my many ‘useless’ gadget as she calls it.
The ring bell is connected to my Wi-Fi so I get notification when someone is at my door, and it records the videos in the cloud, and I can access it at any time. The first day after I installed the camera, I was at work and my ring notification came on, it’s a motion activated video recorder. I was busy so I didn’t get a chance to check my phone for at least an hour. When I finally got a chance to check my ring notification, I saw a man on my front door, he didn’t even have to knock on my door, my wife was there waiting for him. She opened the door and let him in. she obviously knows him, the thought running through my mind at that time was that, this must be the guy that ran through my backyard. This must be the man that has been drinking my beer when I am not home, this maybe the Craig guy that was giving MJ to my wife, this must be the guy that my wife is having an affair with. I checked the camera in real time and it appears that the man was still in my house and hasn’t left.
I was 30 minutes away from home, I didn’t even finish my current assignment. I told the client that I would be right back as I drove home as fast as I could. The man has been in my house for over an hour now, I was looking at the ring camera on my phone as I drove home, and I was losing connection. The video feed wasn’t as good when I was driving, and I was trying to keep my eyes on the road, it freezes often, at some point I just stopped staring at it and concentrated on getting home as fast as possible to catch him in my house. I remember my blood running hot. When I arrived home, it was just my wife’s car on the driveway. I opened the door, and head straight to the master bedroom. When I got there, it was empty, the bed was unmade, the air was stuffy and heavy. I couldn’t tell if it was from my wife taking a shower or was just the smell of act. My wife wasn’t in the bedroom, and neither was the guy, I went to look in the closet and under the bed. I heard the backyard door open, and I hurried to look downstair to see who it was, maybe the guy was trying to escape like before I thought. But when I ran halfway down the stairs, my wife was coming out of her home office which was downstairs close to the kitchen, she had a look of shock in her face, eyes wide open like she just saw a ghost.
I notice that she only had a white robe on her, she told me that I scared her, and asked me what I was doing home earlier and why do I look so anxious. I collected myself, as not to give her any hint that I suspected that a man was just in my house, and possibly did it with my wife, and I just missed him. It began to dawn on me that I just missed him. There is no need to confront her, because I know she would lie even if I showed her the Ring footage of him coming to my house, but I thought its better I wait and catch them red handed. By the look in her eyes, I could tell she suspected something, but she couldn’t figure out why I wasn’t confronting her or how I figured it out. I came up with a random response, as not to arouse suspicion that i know what was going on, that I forgot a tool: my Makita Cordless Metal Hole Punch, she didn’t even know what that was, but I tried to act like everything was normal. As she stared at me, trying to gain her composure, I can see the monkey in her head trying to get a read on me. I Climbed down into the basement, took some random tool, went back into the main house. She was still standing there, almost like she was shell shocked and couldn’t move. I walked up to her and gave her a kiss on the cheek, like i normally do when i leave the house. Even as I came close to her, I can tell that she was blowing not so long ago. I pulled away from her like everything was fine, I ask her why she was acting weird and if she was alright, she said yes, and escorted me to the door.
As I was walking toward the driveway, I couldn’t help but wonder how this a-hole did it with my wife and got away underneath my nose. I believe this was the second time he did it with her and I barely missed him. I thought maybe he was still inside the house hiding, but I should check the ring footage to see if he left the house already, my wife was still at the door when I got to my car, she was just staring at me. I tried to act as normal as possible but when I got in my work van, I couldn’t move a muscle, I knew she was staring at me from the door ajar, so I just sat in my car pretending like I was staring at my paperwork. While I checked my phone to see if he had left my house, and lo and behold, he left before I arrived at the house. I just missed him again. As I sat there staring at my Ring footage, my cell phone rang, it was my friend that I work for asking me why I left the clients place without finishing the job, that the client is complaining. I was working on rehabbing a bathroom for a client, I wanted to call off the job for the day, but I know it be a headache for another plumber to pick up from where I left off. So, I just decided to head back to work to finish the job for the client.
I really couldn’t concentrate at work, but that really doesn’t matter because I know plumbing like the back of my hand. I couldn’t help thinking about how my wife could throw away 22 years of marriage over a MJ dealer for some fun time. I really couldn’t understand how she could go from a well-mannered wife with strict traditional values to a MJ tramp that smokes like a chimney, despite the fact that she promised me that she would stop. After completing my work that day, I couldn’t drive home that night. I sat in my van trying to figure out what to do next. Then I went to a local bar, am not a big drinker. I just wanted to be amongst people. When I went to the bar, I ordered some beer and sat on the bar stool thinking. I came up with an idea of buying a video recorder and a GPS. I decided to head to the Local electronic store to purchase a video recorder and a GPS to install in my wife’s car. So I could monitor her movements. I went to the store, but I couldn’t find any reputable GPS or hidden camera. I used my phone to order one online, but I bought 2 voice activated recorder, and I plan to place them in my bedroom and in my wife’s home office. When I went home, my wife had already made my favorite meal, something she use to do a long time ago or whenever she feels guilty about something.
I played calm and acted like everything was alright, I went upstairs to take a shower, and join her to eat dinner. I even mention that it was strange that she was making dinner, and she tried to claim that she has always been making dinner, and we just laugh it off. I tried as much as possible to mascaraed my pain, and hatred for my wife, after the dinner I couldn’t take it anymore I wanted to blowup on her face, but I held my self and thought I should take the dog out for a walk. I told my wife that I am going out for a walk. I was able to clear my head while walking the dog, I wanted to call my daughter and tell her that her mom is having an affair, but I decided against that because I didn’t want to get my daughter involved plus she may blow my cover and cost me the chance to catching her red-handed. I wanted to gather more evidence, I know that I could run with what I already have, but I wanted more proof, I also want to proof to myself that I wasn’t imagining things. I clearly saw her affair partner on my Ring camera. I know his face and I can identify him from a lineup, he is a brown hair tall skinny guy, I just want to see how far this rabbit hole goes. When I got back to the house my wife was already asleep. I didn’t feel like sleeping on the same bed that she may have did with her dealer/Affair partner a few hours ago. I wanted to sleep in the guest room, but then she would suspect something, so I decided to swallow my pain, and sleep next to her. I couldn’t sleep well that night, I woke up in the middle of the night and decided to install the voice-activated recorder in her office and in our bedroom.
The following morning, she got up before me, and made breakfast for me, during breakfast we talked about what she was going to do that day, like nothing happened, it was easier for me to pretend today than yesterday. When I got to work that day, I couldn’t stop checking my ring, even though I had a notification setup to notify me when the motion sensor captures movement, my wife only went out of the house to grocery shop. I knew that because she called me and told me that she was going grocery shopping and she came back with bags, the second and third day was not eventful. She didn’t leave the house much other than when she told me she was going to, I thought maybe something was wrong, or she had catch on that I was monitoring her through the Ring. So, on the evening of the third day after I caught the stranger at my door. I retrieve the voice activated recorder, went into my car, and started listening to it. It appears that my wife spent a few hours on the phone with this man, name Craig (the dealer) from her baseball group. From what I reckon from the conversation, my wife no longer attends the game, but she was obviously having closeness with him, he was asking my wife when he could come over, but my wife was telling him that her husband showed up suddenly, the other time, and she is now nervous about having closeness at her home.
They can’t have closeness at his house because he had a girlfriend and three kids. And the cheapo didn’t want to rent a hotel. He told my wife that they should meet at a parking lot and my wife said that she is not going to have closeness with him in the parking lot. Apparently, she had a boundary, and having closeness with a sleazebag at a parking is where she crosses the line, but she can do it in my bed and that was ok. He suggested she come to his shop, and they would carry on like before, but she was worried about his business partner, apparently when she went missing during thanksgiving, she went to duck him at his shop, and his business partner caught them. So, he runs a mechanic shop with a fellow mechanic that is his business partner, but his partner is not as sleazy as him, so he didn’t appreciate him using the workplace as a brothel. And still, he was trying to have my wife come to his place of business to jeopardize his business relationship all for closeness with a married woman. From what I got from the conversation it appears that my wife suspects something, and I don’t think she would invite him for a while, till she is convince that I wasn’t onto her, but I have a feeling that she was getting MJ in exchange for closeness, or maybe a discount, at least that was the feeling I got out of the conversation.
I lay down in bed thinking about what to do, and how to go from here. I thought my plan backfired because my wife suspected something, and I may have missed an opportunity to confront her on D Day. The following morning, while I was taking shower, I had an idea to find my wife MJ Stash. I knew she was smoking every day, and masking her breath with peppermint and brushing her mouth so I wouldn’t notice but I know she is probably obsessed to it, and I notice she wasn’t taking any of her medication, so chances are that she was using it as a coping mechanism. I knew that I could find where she is stashing it and throw it away, then she would be forced to invite him for some more. Now, the problem is how can I find her stash without her knowing, she is home all day and only leave the house for a couple of hours. I may have to turn the house upside down looking for it. So that plan kind of fell apart, until I was reminded by my wife that my daughter is coming by the house this weekend because they were going to visit her mom for the weekend. Her mom lives in the country so they would probably stay out there for the whole day, which leaves me enough time in the house to look for her stash. The trip is not uncommon because they visit her mom at least once a month. I had already returned the voice recorder in her office. The rest of the week was uneventful.
Fast forward to when my daughter came to visit us, she asked me how her mom was doing and I told her that she is doing fine, I didn’t want to let her know anything because she might let my wife know that the jigs is up. My daughter is not good at keeping secret. The GPS and hidden camera that I ordered arrived on Friday, on Saturday morning they left to visit my wife’s mother. When they left, I had the chance to listen to the voice activated recorder in my wife’s office. I learned that the guy was just like I suspected, a dealer, and MJ may not be the only thing he deals in, but I don’t know if my wife was taking any other heavy stuff besides green. I also learn that the guy use to play for a minor league, and was almost on his way to go pro, but had an accident and got obsessed to painkillers, that was how he started down the wrong path. My wife on the other hand didn’t have any trauma that I know of, so I don’t know where the urge to be bad comes from. I don’t see anything that could have led her into becoming attracted to such a person or what would cause her to start smoking green. She had a normal upbringing. I don’t know how any traumatic event that happened to her, her recent revelation about depression was news to me because I don’t know where that came from, maybe because she spends time at home all day, and it’s causing her to gain weight.
My wife still suspects that I know something about her affair, but when he asked her how she knows, she said that she didn’t know how I found out. I thought maybe the reason why she was telling him this was to slow him down, because he was pushing to see her before she goes away with my daughter this weekend. I installed the camera on the master bedroom and the living room. Then, I went looking for my wife stash. I took down everything in the house looking for it, but I couldn’t find it. I thought about everything, I even thought about hiring a sniffing dog, etc. At the end of the day, I couldn’t find anything, I concluded that maybe she didn’t have anything left or she probably took it with her. They will be coming back on Sunday afternoon, which was the following day.
As i was sitting on the couch watching tv, I had an idea to go out and check in my backyard to see maybe if she is hiding it somewhere there, so I went to the yard. It was probably an hour before sunset, so I still have some daylight. I looked around the corners for disturbed surface, thinking she may be hiding it in the ground, and as luck would have it, not too long after, I found something, I dig through it, to find a Ziplock bag with some MJ and a grinder. I flushed the MJ down the toilet. I put the Ziplock bag back where I found it like I wasn’t there. I figure the reason why she hides it outside is so I wouldn’t notice the smell, I guess. Since she spends most of the time doing all her shenanigans in the backyard, and her affair partner seemed to have escaped from there once so I decided to relocate the camera from the living room to the backyard. I had to find a way to hide it so it’s not too obvious.
After setting up the camera, I tested it and it worked well. I feel at ease because I can monitor the going and comings in my house and the best part is my wife has no idea. When she comes back from visiting her mother, I will install the GPS in her car, so I can monitor were she goes. My goal is to build a case against her for the eventual divorce. She returned home that Sunday evening. After she went to bed, I installed the GPS in her car. My daughter returned to her place on Monday morning, and I contacted a divorce lawyer when I went to work, the same divorce lawyer that drafted the separation agreement.
I told the divorce lawyer about my situation, about my wife’s infidelity. I asked the lawyer how I could use the tape and the recording to my favor and he said that it would benefit very little in my divorce case, my state is a “no-fault divorce,” which allows you to cite a version of “irreconcilable differences,” as the reason for divorce. As such, my wife cannot be penalized by a judge for cheating. The lawyer told me that the divorce paper would be ready tomorrow. I also told my friend that I work for about my situation, and he understood that I may have to leave work anytime soon because the camera was connected to my phone while I was at work, so I can monitor my wife’s movement. That day I saw my wife in the backyard searching for her MJ. I could see that she was frustrated but she went back into the house, I had my phone on standby to know when she invites him again. but instead, she got into her car and drove away. I had my GPS on her, so I know she drove to a place that I wasn’t familiar with, she stayed there for about 30 minutes or so before she returned home. I marked out the area so I can check it out later to know where she went. I was kind of disappointed that things didn’t go as I planned, at least I had a GPS in her car to know where she went, when she came back home, she went to the backyard and light up some MJ and hide the rest at the same spot, that was how I knew she went to meet him to get some more.


Update.
Something I forgot to mention is that after I found out that she was cheating on me, I went and got an STD test, and it came out clean. After I caught her affair partner on my Ring, I haven’t had closeness with my wife since. I was always the one that initiates it in the relationship, so she wasn’t actively seeking It from me. Moreover, she is already having love with her affair partner, and I believe that this last time she visited him they most certainly had closeness, because there was no reason for her to spend 30 minutes in that location.
After work I was able to track down that area she visited, come to find out, it was a mechanic shop. I also saw the unmistakable 1964 Pontiac GTO. The car that I saw on my street the day I almost caught someone running out of my backyard. I felt mad that this guy was in my house, I felt disrespected and wanted to confront him there, but I had to talk myself out of it. Its eerie to know that he knew my backyard so well that it was probably not the first time that he has been there. I parked my work van a few blocks away from his shop to have a better view of it for a stakeout. it was getting late, so I stayed there till I notice him coming out of the shop with another friend, they had already closed the garage doors of their shop, and were standing in front smoking. I wasn’t sure if they were smoking cigarette or MJ because I was too far away to see. I should be heading home, but I couldn’t stop waiting and staring at them. At the back of my mind, I was trying to compare myself to him, and questioning why my wife chose him over me, why my wife chose to betray me with him. Something about his life excited her, and that is something I cannot become.
Maybe she was tired of pretending to be a good person and just decided to show her true colors. After they were done smoking, he got into his car and drove away. I decided that this was my chance to follow behind him to find out where he lives, he already knows where I lives, he had already been to my house several times, already ducked my wife several times, it’s only fair that I know where he lives so I can break up the relationship he has with his girlfriend. Eventually, I want to hurt this man. A lot of dark thought going through my mind. I had a concealed hand tool a Springfield Hellcat in my car. I thought about driving up to him and destoy him there. But I will probably be the number one suspect it they knew that he was ducking my wife. He drove in his car in front of a restaurant and picked up a woman. At first, I assume that the woman was his girlfriend, so I took some pictures with my phone. The picture wasn’t clear because it was getting dark, I was parked on the street so he wouldn’t know that I was tailing him. He picked up the female passenger and drove off, I trailed behind him. They reached an apartment with street parking, and I could tell by their body language that she wasn’t his girlfriend. I noticed that they were touchy-feely, and couldn’t get their hands off each other, like a new couple as they got into the apartment. I suspected that she must be another one of the women he was ducking. I debated whether to wait for him to come out, so I could follow him and find out where he lives, but there is no telling when he would come out, so I decided to take a picture of his license plate number, and I drove home for the day. Now I know that this guy is not only a dealer (pills dealer) he is also a womanizer, and my wife happens to be one of the women he is fraternizing with.
The next few days were really depressing, it was hard to sleep in the same room as her. I was starting to lose hope and wanted to call it off and just divorce her already so we could go our separate ways, because sooner or later she is going to figure out what the Ring bell was all about, or she is going to find the voice-activated recorder or the hidden camera I was using to spy on her. It was a very boring week of her talking to her affair partner, and watching her on camera smoking in the backyard, at least twice a day. I figure it may take her about 3-4 weeks to finish her MJ stash, and I didn’t want to wait that long. I couldn’t live with her in that house that long knowing that she was ducking another man, I wanted to rap this up. I figure that I could remove some of her stash, so it would force her to go and get some more. So, when she went to bed, I went to the backyard with my flashlight and dug up her bag of MJ. I notice that she also had some tobacco mixed with the MJ, in any case, I took more than half of the content, return the rest, and then went to bed.

Update.
After I went to work in the morning, I saw her on camera smoking. I don’t know if she noticed the reduction. Fast forward three days later, I have been getting my docks in a role, apart from the shared account (which doesn’t have allot of funds in it) and the house that was already paid off, there were nothing else that we own that needs to be split except for our retirement. She has about $45,000 in her 401K and I have about $870,000 in my Roth account. I know she is going to try to come after my Roth account. According to my lawyer, a portion of my retirement has to go to her because of the length of our marriage, although she doesn’t know how much I have on my Roth account because she has always been relaxed when it comes to things like retirement. It was my job to plan and make money, her job is to spend it. I even had to convince her to open a 401K account 9 years ago and she barely contribute anything to it, it’s all free money and she isn’t taking advantage of it. All she does is to rely on me, and then complains that I work too hard, or I don’t take enough time off, in fact our plan was to retire early, that’s why I work hard, that’s why I put in the time. Now that our kids are grown, we have planned to move to somewhere in south America and spend the rest of our life’s living happily ever after. But it appears that she checkout of the marriage early, and now she is cheating on me. She is going to take half of the work that I have put in for years. My lawyer said that generally, the longer the marriage, the more likely it is that the account will be divided approximately equally. I can’t let this happen, I can’t let my hard work go to waste. I kept my end of the deal, I was a loyal husband, a loving husband, I provided for my family, I work hard I tried my best to make her happy, despite that she went ahead and spread a legs for another man.
From the voice recording, I don’t think she is haunting to leave me for him. I think she is just enjoying the excitement of having a fling. I don’t think she is going to leave the stable life she has with me, for an erratic dealer but she enjoys the excitement. I heard her say that on the VAR. She can’t stop laughing at whatever he says. He tried to convince her to leave me even though he has a girlfriend and young kids. I know listening to the VAR is unhealthy because of the things she is saying about me, but its best that I know the truth, and I know what my wife thinks about me. She called me boring and a square, she told him that I suck in bed, and I wasn’t as good as he was, she called me a 5-minute man, which by the way is not true. I believe she was saying all those things to pump his ego. He is only 32 years old, I previously thought he was in his 40’s because the baseball group was for mostly people in their 40’s, so I thought. He also complimented her a lot, and that is what was boosting a fragile self-esteem. I have read on this site where young men target middle-aged women with self-esteem issues, and they easily sleep with them. Going by his license plate I was able to find out where he lives, and I drove by his house a couple of times to steaked out. I saw his girlfriend, he has three kids, all below the ages of 10.
That evening why we were in bed, my wife made the move on me. I can’t remember the last time she did that, but I told her that I was too tired for that, she was upset because we haven’t had closeness in weeks, I didn’t feel like being close with her after having knowledge that she has been regularly having closeness with her affair partner. I told her that it’s been a hectic week at work. The truth is that I still see her as attractive. I do want to have love with her, however, to me she is as dirty as a streetwalker, and I feel like I would validate her if I became close with her. Two days later, while I was at work, I received a notification from my ring and immediately checked it. It was him, my wife invited him in, just like before. I wasn’t very far from home this time, about 15 minutes. I immediately got into my car and head back home. I drove as fast as I could and got home in less than 10 minutes. This time I didn’t park my car on the driveway, I parked on the street as not to arouse attention. I had my Hellcat  that I always carry in my car. I wasn’t expecting to use it, I wasn’t emotional, I have had time to think about a moment like this. I am not going to end a life no matter how badly I wanted to end this guy for disrespecting me, but I have it for my protection. He is a dealer so who knows, ain’t no telling what he is packing. I don’t know what he is capable of, my goal was to hold him at tool point and call the cops, I was hoping he had MJ on him so he can go to jail.
I had my phone on record and I hung it on my left shirt pocket, where it can record from without me holding it. I went through the backyard fence because I didn’t want to go through the front door. I figure the backyard is his escape path. By then it was about 20 minutes since I received the ring notification from my phone. I slowly slide the bolt of wooden fence gate latch to open the gate from the outside, my camera still on my left pocket recording. I open the backyard door which leads to my kitchen, my keys on my right hand and my Hellcat on my left. I open the backyard door which leads to my kitchen. There they were, my wife and this a-hole unclothed, was doing my wife on my living room couch. I could see my living room from my kitchen because it’s an open floor plan.
I drop my keys on the floor so I can use both hands to hold my Hellcat. They were both stunned to see me. I immediately started shouting out commands, for both of them to lay on the ground or I will end it fast! They both did what I said, they got on the floor, he responded immediately by getting on the floor. He was half unclothed because he tried to put on his pant before I shouted at him to stop. He is laying on the ground my wife had no top or anything underneath, she tried to deescalate the situation by saying “I am sorry and it’s not what it seems”. I looked at my left pocket to make sure my camera is still rolling because my left arm is obstructing the view, both my hand still on the handle on my Hellcat. My wife now have a robe on, she slowly tried to get up. I let her because I was busy point in it at the affair partner. Cursing at him, she tried to walk toward me and when she came close and slowly tried to reach out to me. I slapped  her and told her to join him and stay flat on the ground. That was when she knew that I wasn’t effing around and immediately laid down on the ground. I watched the recording back later which is how I knew all this info, because my adrenaline was running hot. I knew I had to get situational control before I call the cops.
My wife now laying on the floor telling me that she was sorry, and that he means nothing to her, her Affair partner Craig is begging me not to do it to him. I pulled out my phone and dialed 911. I told the dispatcher that a Dealer is selling to my wife in my house, and I have them down at Hellcat point. The police dispatcher told me not to do nothing, and to hold on till the cops arrive. I got off the phone with the dispatcher and told Craig to stretch both hands forward while he is laying down. I begged him not to do what I say to give me the reason to blow his brains all over my floor. My wife is still on the floor begging. I slowly walked to the front door and opened the door wide open, so the Cops can come in easily when they get here. I notice a bag of MJ sitting on the living room table, it’s not much though, but I hoped that it was enough for the cops to arrest him. I waited for about 5 minutes, and it seems like forever. I was already tired of scaring the hell out of both of them and mind you I was recording the entire time. So, I decided to facetime my daughter, my wife begged me not to call her but I did. My daughter saw her laying there with her half naked affair partner. I told her what happened and she started crying, she couldn’t believe her mom. My wife was embarrassed with her head down. Just as my daughter was talking. I could hear the cops pulling over on my driveway, they came inside as I lowered my hellcat. I approached them at the door and told them what was going on. It was just two officers, and another two more showed up now there were 4 cops and two patrol cars. The first cops detained him for the MJ in the living room. He tried to put it on my wife saying that it was hers not his, and it was funny watching both of them accuse each other about who own what, as I watch them tell on themselves. My wife tried to lie that it belongs to him, but he admitted that he sold it to her so it’s no longer his. Looking back, I should have told the cops that it belongs to her, and you will find out later why I should have told them that. The cops couldn’t decide who it belongs to, so they detained both of them. There were now three patrol cars in front of my house, they place my wife in one of the patrol car, they allowed her to put her bottoms and top on, and she still had her robe on, it was embarrassing because the cops, all male, saw my wife naked, I kind of felt some kind of way about it, but I had to remind myself that she is now public property, because she is giving it away to low life’s. The cops weighed it and found that it was only about 4 oz of MJ on my living room table, which is almost a ‘state jail felony’, but one of the Cop later told me in private that the judge may downgrade it to a class A misdemeanor possession if it belongs to my wife.
At this point I want them to throw the book at her affair partner, the cops escorted him to his car to search for more MJ and he told them that they don’t have his permission to search his car, that they need a warrant. The cop responded that they have probable cause to believe that the car contains evidence of criminal activities because he already admitted earlier that he gave the MJ to my wife, so he had already admitted that his mission was to distribute or sale. It was like the police around my city have nothing else to do because more policemen show up, you would think that a massive dealers burst was going on, the canine unit came in as well, that was when I knew they wanted to throw the book at this guy. He had priors which was why they were heavy handed, and the cops were trying to put him away for good. After they were done searching, they only found about 4 lbs. In his possession which is enough for a state jail felony, punishable by a mandatory minimum sentence of 180 days imprisonment, a maximum of 2 years imprisonment, and a fine not to exceed $10,000. And by the look of it they seem to have a solid case. I don’t know the length of his priors, but I am sure he is going to get up to 2 years in prison. I am not sure closeness with another man’s wife worth that much trouble, and he messed with the wrong guy’s wife. The later charged him with the MJ that was found in my house and released my wife. They arrested him and took him away, and his friend later came by to pick up his car. I also told the cops that I want him to be charged for trespassing, but they told me that he cannot be charge for trespassing because Infidelity is not a crime, and he was invited by my wife.
They told me that they may have to call me over to the police station to give them more statement, after I have already given them a statement. After my wife was released from the cop’s car, she ran into the bedroom, and locked herself in. My daughter called me and told me that my wife was calling her, but she refuses to answer, she asked me what happened, and I told her everything. She was crying the entire time and I really felt bad for live streaming my detention of my wife and her affair partner but still, it’s not my fault, my wife put us in this position, and I am not the only one that should be feeling the pain. She asks me what was going to happen next, and I told her that I have already appraised and hired a real estate agent, so we are going to sale the house. I told her that I have already found a divorce lawyer and the divorce agreement has already been written, all that is left is for me to serve her, she told me that she would visit us next week. After I got off the phone with my daughter, I know it would be difficult for her because she is very close with her mom. During the evening I had mixed emotions about the whole thing, my wife hasn’t left the room. I felt sadder about everything, 22 years of marriage flush down the toilet. There is no hero in this, this is not how I wanted things to end, just 2 years ago, me and my wife vacationed in south America, we visited several countries like Uruguay, Chile and Peru to look for houses to buy. In just a year she threw everything away, all for what? I mean she was so careless to invite him to our house, but I am glad she did because I now know what her true color is, who know if she had done this before, he may not be her only affair.
That evening I went to drink with a friend at a local bar, we talked about everything but my wife, and what went down earlier that day. I was trying to get my mind away from the whole thing. While I was at the bar drinking and chatting with my friend, my eldest son called. He told me that his sister called and told him what was going on, he apologized to me for what his mom has done, he said that he would support any decision that I made, and that his mom put everyone in this position, and I should call him and he would support me in any capacity that he could. This really made me proud and showed that my son is already a grown man, he has a serious girlfriend as well and they had already moved in together. I used to give him relationship advise, but I felt like at this point that I am the one that needs advice. When I came home that evening, I didn’t want to see my wife, so I didn’t care that she still has herself locked in the room. I went and slept in another room. The following day, I went to work, and I spoke to my youngest son as well. I also told my friend that I work for what happened, and he offer his support, and would understand if I needed some time off which I may need in order to take care of the divorce. I left work early so I could visit the lawyer’s office before they close. I was able to pickup the divorce agreement for my wife to sign. I also called the real estate agent to list the property for sale on the MLS, and she told me that she is coming by this weekend to get some picture.
When I got home, my wife was waiting for me, she told me that she is ready to talk. I told her that I wouldn’t talk till she signs the divorce papers. She told me that I should allow her to talk first, and she is going to sign the divorce paper, if I don’t allow her to talk, she would stretch out the divorce process. I told her that she is in no position to give threats. If she wants this divorce to be public, I am happy to take it to the supreme court, that immediately calmed her down because she now knows what I am capable of and I don’t make empty threats. She told me to bring the papers for her to sign but at least I should explain to her the terms of the divorce agreement before she signs. I told her that we are going to sell the house and split the proceeds 60-40, she gets 60 and I get 40, she gets the 4k currently in our joint account in return, she gives an amicable divorce and don’t touch my retirement. She taught that was fair and I thought that was fair too. After she signs the paper, she wanted to explain to me how the affair started, how many time etc. But to her surprise, I told her that I already know everything, I told her that I have been watching and listening to all her conversations with him. I showed her all the cameras and VARs and told her where she hides her MJ. She was shocked and speechless, I didn’t want to hear anything from her, because she know that she is in trouble and would like to justify her action. So, she started crying, I know her crying was another form to try to get sympathy from me, but I didn’t care, what’s done is done.

Edit, its been two weeks since I served my wife divorce papers, we have 76 days for the divorce to be finalize. The house hasn’t sold yet but we have two strong interests, me and my soon to be ex-wife still lives in the same house and we sleep in different bedrooms. My daughter is no longer speaking with my wife, and I am playing mediator because I want them to get along, my sons still maintain relationship with their mom, but they have lost respect for her immensely, I know my family will never be the same and I have come to terms with that. Concerning her Affair partner, I heard he was released on bail, but still going to court, case still pending, I think he is going to get more than two years in prison, hopefully.